If you forget the rules of Chess don't worry.
For Me, Chess is a Lot Like Tinder.
Life is like chess.
Why was Michael Jackson terrible at chess?
Why are british people so good at chess?
Haven't played chess in a year
Arguing against an idiot is like playing chess against a pigeon
A computer once beat me at chess,
Why is the white bishop piece in chess the fastest?
"Is chess better than sex?"
I got a job at a chess piece factory recently...
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let's make this interesting'.
You can never enjoy a game of Chess against an Australian.
A man went to visit a friend and was amazed to find him playing chess with his dog. The man watched the game in astonishment for a while.
What's Bin Laden's favorite chess opening?
I defeated a chess grand master in three moves.
At the weekend, I like to play chess with elderly men in the park. But it's becoming increasingly harder..
What do you call a chess club bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby?
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion yesterday in less than 5 moves.
A chess grandmaster blundered his rook by moving it from the E file to the F file instead of the G file
2 Psychics are playing a game of chess...
I had dinner once with a Chess Grand Master in a restaurant with checked tablecloths..
Today I was playing chess and blundered a major piece
Why do British people love playing chess?
How is a chess player like an Australian who's about to leave a restaurant?
I have a European friend who I play chess with
Why do dyslexic chess players have such fresh breath?
Chess is banned under Islam
A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and were standing in the lobby discussing their tournament victories
Why is the US bad at chess?
What do you call chess pieces that have sex together?
You ever notice all the feathers left after a game of chess?
Why do you never see chess jokes ?
I taught my dog to play chess.
If you're concerned about your new partner's sexual history, and you don't want to catch genital warts, imagine you're playing chess, not craps.
Did you hear about the fairy godmother that needed extra minutes to decide her first move in a chess game?
I've recently started to learn about the history of chess boards
Two men are playing chess in Australia
Today, I managed to beat the chess world champion.
I just had lunch with a champion chess player
Why did the chess grandmaster go to Prague?
What did the Bihari shout at the Frenchman when he won a game of chess?
Bob Seger sits in a park with a tired-eyed old man. He's learning how to play chess.
Pep Guardiola 4D chess
My friend wanted to do a sketch of me.
Chess was invented in Australia
Chess Joke
How do chess players get laid?
What do you call a 30 year old man that likes to play chess?
Why do islamic people dont play chess?
What do a chess player and a pornstar have in common?
New York can't play chess
A man from Prague and his friend were playing chess at a restaurant when an Australian waiter interrupts their game.
Which rockstar is the best chess player?
An Australian goes to a chess tournament
Two prisoners are talking in a Soviet gulag...
How do Australian chess players send their food back?
Chess is a very progressive game...
My girlfriend told me if I use any more chess terminology, she'll break up with me
An Australian enters a Chess competition
What do you do when you're weirdly attracted to a chess player, but can't make out whether they're a guy or a girl?
It would be confusing to be a chess player in Australia when you have some money to deposit.
Two superintelligent AI played chess
Watching Queen's Gambit really put me in the holiday spirit. Especially the scene where the player are in the hotel lobby bragging about the matches they won
Why isn't Michael Jackson a good chess player?
I was in my hotel lobby, and I heard two chess Masters bragging about past wins.
Dave and his Bob-Ross-Obsessed friend were playing chess.
I need to get a new chess set because all my pawns are damaged and sticky.
Poland and its neighboring country were playing chess
I traveled to London this year to take part in Europe's largest chess tournament and was destroyed in the first round by this European guy with an odd accent. I waited until the end of the game to ask him about where he was from and what kind of accent he had...
Anti-vaxxers are like teaching a pigeon to play chess...
I used to sell chess sets for a big company...
I really love playing chess with elderly people in the park.
Saudi Arabia banned chess, calling it a dangerous game
When someone has two queens in chess...
Have you heard of the chess board challenge?
What did the Slovak chess player say when he won the match?
Why can you never play chess with an Australian?
So I beat my son playing chess the other day.
Why can't people in the U.S. play chess?
I prayed to god to have the best chess skills in the world
America is like a game of chess.
Why did the chess player get tense in a diner?
I got arrested for playing chess in the street