you're allowed to check
I know a few openings, but continually struggle to put myself into mating positions
You can never find a mate.
He couldn't decide if he was black or white.
Their queen never dies.
Did they nerf the queen yet?
You strategically think of all the moves and you have the intelligence to win, but they will just shit on all the pieces and then strut around as if they'd won
but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Because it's on F1.
It depends on the position.
...I'm on the knight shift next week.
So we stopped playing chess.
Everytime he checks, you'll think he's won the game.
"I can hardly believe my eyes!" he said. "That's the smartest dog I've ever seen." "He's not so smart," the friend replied. "I've beaten him three games out of five."
Pwn to C4
I stood up; picked up a chair and hit him with it.
..to find exactly 32 of them.
Chessnuts boasting in an open foyer
Finally my high school karate classes came in useful.
What a rook-e mistake!!!
They look at the board and then firmly shake their hands and nod and say "Good Game!" and leave.
It took him two hours to pass me the salt.
Rookie mistake
Because no-one can kill their Queen.
They're both looking for a checkmate.
Or as I like to call him, my Czech mate
Because they're so good at finding Tic Tacs.
They hate that the queen moves freely.
After an hour, the manager came out and asked them to disperse. "But why?" they asked. "Because," he said, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer."
We have no kings, no queens, and we already lost 2 towers
Pawn stars.
It's like only Toucan play at a time.
No one likes them, they always have a bad pawn
But he's pretty dumb. I manage to beat him two out of three times.
So don't roll the dice. Check first, and then mate.
Wants pawn time.
Seems they have quite the checkered past.
One guy asks "What's your ethnicity?" As he knocks over the king, the other guy responds "Czech, mate"
Turns out, his moves were useless against a bat.
Took her 8 minutes to pass the salt.
To see his Czech mate
Tu-Lose Tu-Lose
After going over the layout and setup of the board, the old man begins a lesson on to the movement of the individual pieces. Queens move in all directions, any distance. Kings are the same but with only one space. He didn't understand the knight, though. Two in one direction, then one to the side. Hm, funny how the knight moves.
Journalists "so what are your plans against Lyon" Pep "we will put them in a difficult situation" Journalists "how" Pep "we will make them play Bayern Munich"
I insisted on playing chess instead. It ended up in a draw.
Why else would they say Checkmate?
You know chess is like a mirror image of real life in a lot of ways. For instance the person playing as black doesn't always lose, but they generally have to work a lot harder.
*They have sex on the rooks*
A GameBoy
Because the woman can move freely
Thinking long and hard
They're missing two towers
The waiter says, "have a check, mate. Your Czech mate is about to be in check mate... oh, and here's the cheque, mate."
Bob Seger, because he's always working on them knight moves.
When he was about to lose his first game, his opponent looked up, smiled and said: *checkmate*. The Australian replied back in confusion: *But mate.. I didn't order anything!* 
One says: "We're really cut off from the news here. For instance, I never found out the result of the Fischer-Spassky chess match." The other one replies: "Oh, I lost."
"It's stale, mate."
Because if the soldier gets to the enemy's territory, his reward is getting to marry the king.
"Check," I said. She moved out the next day. "Checkmate," I said.
To pay for admission, he writes a check to the organizers. He walks up to a man at the entrance accepting checks. The man at the entrance says "Do you have your check, mate?" To which the Australian responds "Checkmate? I haven't even started a round"
Check and mate
Check, mate
They both won easily
I love chess nuts boasting in an open foyer
Because he's dead
They were chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
Dave made a move, and immediately regretted it. Dave went "whelp, that was a mistake." His friend immediately shot back "It wasn't a mistake, just a happy accident." Dave's brother in the next room over heard and replied, "Stop talking about me!"
I should have never left them in the same box as the bishops.
The neighboring country won with a Czechmate
He responded: "Czech, mate!"
They don't know jack about it, they don't wanna hear you explain it, and in the end they knock down the pieces and strut around like they won the game.
But then I realized I was just a pawn that would never advance.
It's just really hard to find thirty two of them willing to do it .
The Queen doesn't wear a burkha. The Queen roams freely wherever she wants to. The Queen is more powerful than the King. The Queen goes alone to opponent's territory. Most importantly, there's only one Queen.
You know there's been cheating.
Its where you segregate the whites and the blacks and make the whites start a war
Czech-mate.
You can never know if it's really checkmate
Oddly the CPS took him away.
Because their king is actually a pawn.
Checkmate atheists
Black always goes second.
Because the waiter said "Check".
I said: "it's because I'm black isn't it?"
